how to write faster software:
be in flow state. domt get up and do random shit
memorize shortcut keys
time blocking
scripting to automate repetive tasks. esp testing
build out a diagram or blue print of what u intend to code b4 u code
log as u go. not print statements. log stayements. prwferably which thread it is involved in
spend long times in a focused session
Writing small scripts to automate boring or repetitive workflows
Pomorodo w green tea
Interesting one: do not use the debugger (for the most part) except for call stacks. Prefer print and logging statements. Assert statements are your friends
The biggest bottlenecks to your code: implementing the wrong plan, debugging when its a small error, trying to test while making small changes. Testing SLOWS u down
Seperate timeblocks for testing and debugging. Sometimes that "almost there" feeling is not actually true and u arent almost there
KEEP IT SIMPLE STUPID. Writing the least amount of code w the cleanest, simplest solution is best. This will be hard but for other than meetings or learning for note taking
-> try to type everything that comes across your mind or you think needs to be accomplished
9swq
Become a faster developer:
tasks were analysed and broken down, unnecessary work eliminated, work sequences changed to minimize time and movement, and tools redesigned to reduce effort and variability. 


Clean up this formatting w ai.
 be pedantic. this means follow a routine. knowing where ur conversations, topic, stories go. learn to shut up. learn to ask questions.
Speeding up your navigation!!!!! esp navigating thru ur codebase and then correcting whatever error is in store.
Constant reflection
be meticoulous with YOUR ATTENTION, TIME. What you think about and what you work torwards will be what you get good at. 
god shut up. 
Staying om one task. Writing things out in procedures. creating a mind map. CREATING BACKUPS bc things get deleted frequently. Writing processes. Keep things organized in 1 place with a consistant file organization naming system.
STOP using paper unless its for the lab. Review and reflect. Follow the pursuit of knowledge, keep your health!!!!! as best as u possibly can. avoid arugula. Focus. focus focus. Most of the worlds information is just useless noise. steer conversations in the wrong. 
Write down ur emotions, pay someone to listen to you. WRITE DOWN A TASK AND FOLLOW IT THRU TO THE END. When you learn something, also PRACTICE implementing otherwise its useless.