FOCUS is the most important driver for excellence. Focusing on 1 task is what leads to success
A gap is identified in an area that, if developed, would lead to faster performance esp if you cna maek it habitual
https://www.dukece.com/insights/talent-in-knowledge-economy/
Seeting objectives and planning work. Delegate to yourself at different intervals.
LEARN TO eliminate unnecessary work as that will slow you down significantly. 
Ensure work sequences changed to minimize time and movement. Tools to reduce variability and effort
Sometimes certain problems have to be broken down into specific steps. SOOO MUCH TIME WASTE IN UR DAY TO DAY
Are you aware of your inadequecies? Are you aware of your effect on people? Are you aware of the things slowing you down?
REFLECT DAILY ON AVENUES YOU COULD DO TO BE BETTER, WHAT IS SLOWING YOU DOWN, OR ANY THINGS YOU DID WELL
YOUR ATTENTION IS A HUGE ASSET in your professional environment. This underappreciated 
cognitive asset is constantly underattack by distraction. Your ability to filter distraction
including the distraction og your own thoughts, social etiqutte of the way people treat you,
the ability to say NO, the ability to leave conversation, ability to be brief is sooo improtant,
ability to not be distracted by bombastic news articles, shopping vendetas, apporintments of people
wanting your money through first going through services. People want your attention, time and thoguhts
because it is the way to obtain your wallet. Get shit done. plan in advance and dont waste 
your time browsing on the internet, reading catchy titles, engaging in workplace gossip,
The jealousy you feel over other's affairs will not help you reach your maximum productivity
CANDY is such a huge examoke of an attention distractor that minimizes ur productivity. Any form of 
shopping. Anything you scroll or view on your screen.
Really keeping your attention focused on one endevour, not getting distracted, not falling into peer pressure 
then reducing inefficincies is the way to maximize your performance

workers’ experiences of control and autonomy in the workplace;
 the availability of interesting, challenging and non-repetitive work;
 opportunities for learning and progression;
 appropriate utilisation of skills;
 access to social capital; and
 the feeling of doing useful work.
